[core] Cleanup the repository & move over some core files (#1)
mui/pigment-css: apps/pigment-css-vite-app/README.md

## How to run

> First, build all the packages in the workspace atleast once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, build all the packages in the workspace at least once.
```
